Not every leadership strategy is appropriate for every subordinate. Some
subordinates Onley react to draconian measures. Other subordinates
react to the very fact that they could get in trouble. They don't
need the motivation Thio to do the right thing. Um, I had a sailor that
was working for me. Haven't be a warm a young woman. And she was
She had a domestic violence and I don't think they turned it like that.
As in she I had a physical altercation with her significant other
in which she beat him up. Um, this was a second. This was the second
of a couple events, and she was told that if anything else happened,
her command would not stick up for her and would not. I intend
to keep her in the military. She would be separated. Well, she turned
it around. She ended up becoming one of the best sailors that I worked
with. Uh, I think one of the important things about discipline
and establishing standards and using your very using your leadership
is a mechanism for for how to do things is that we're all subject to
failure. We all have problems. If you haven't had a problem yet. Well,
you just need to wait, because you will. And you're going to need
the mercy of your leader. Help you keep going. And that, I think,
is true across the board.